[YOSHINOBU]
Yaga, what is that thing?
It is possible to have
man-made cursed corpses
act more autonomously
than other forms
of manipulation.
But they're always powered by
consuming cursed energy
from the sorcerer.
And yet, that thing
is sustaining itself
on its own cursed energy.
The higher-ups are currently
trying to designate you
as a special grade,
and officially sentence you
to indefinite imprisonment.
Because if you can intentionally
create a thing like that,
then it stands to reason
you could easily
create your own army.
So tell me, Yaga.
You truly have no idea of
how that thing was created?
Is that your official stance?
[water dripping]
Yes.
[TAKERU] Masamichi.
Everyone's worried about you.
They told me you seem down.
[MASAMICHI] Did they?
[insects trilling]
[TAKERU]
So I told them all this.
If Masamichi is feeling down,
we just have to cheer him up.
Is that so?
- Pretty smart, huh?
- [chuckles] Pretty smart.
[Takeru laughs]
Takeru.
I'm sorry, but I have
to leave home for a while.
Would you please
let the others know for me?
[TAKERU] Leaving for work again?
That's right.
It'll be a long trip too.
Don't worry.
This forest is still under
the constant protection
of Tengen.
And your mother will come soon.
She'll be glad to see you.
You'll be all right without me.
I'm sure of it.
[TAKERU] Masamichi.
It sure will be lonely
around here without you.
[sword clangs, scrapes]
Kusakabe, are you sure?
[ATSUYA] Just don't go telling
anyone that I helped you.
You were captured
to lure Yaga out.
That's all you need to know.
Besides,
I owe that man a favor.
- [drips]
- Go on. Get.
Are you really sure about this?
This thing is not your nephew.
It's just a vessel
with your nephew's information.
Are you trying to tell me
that I can't live in the present
if I stay hung up on the dead,
forever living in the past?
Well, my little sister can
no longer live in the past.
She needs
to live in the present,
meaning with Takeru.
Masamichi.
I think that lady is my mother,
isn't she?
[MASAMICHI] That's right.
Good job recognizing her.
[Takeru giggles]
Yeah, I had a feeling
that's who she was.
I must be a genius.
[thuds]
[Atsuya's sister whimpering]
[whimpering]
[ATSUYA'S SISTER] Takeru!
[crying]
Sorry, but...
Don't worry, I get it.
You can't let anyone know
that your fully autonomous
cursed corpses exist.
So he can't live with her.
I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing?
Thank you, by the way.
I mean it.
Thank you.
[ASSASSIN] Principal Yaga?
Where do you think you're going
without any cursed corpses?
I'm going to see my son.
[ASSASSIN]
You've been sentenced to death,
so I don't think so.
But why not save your own life?
They'll let you live
if you just tell them
how you create
those fully autonomous,
man-made cursed corpses.
[MASAMICHI]
You all sure got suddenly brave
the moment Satoru Gojo is gone.
[assassin scoffs]
[♪ electric guitar playing]
[Masamichi groans]
[breathing shakily]
[ASSASSIN] Principal.
You may leave now.
I'll handle the rest by myself.
Understood.
[MASAMICHI] First,
you use the body's information
to reproduce
the soul's information.
Then the soul's information
is placed inside
the cursed corpse's core.
- [Panda panting]
- But that's not enough.
You have to place cores
that house three
highly compatible souls
into a single cursed corpse.
Then force those souls
to observe each other
at all times.
Once you do that step,
it finally allows
the souls to stabilize,
so self-awareness can take root.
Roughly three months
after that's born,
it will begin supplying
its own cursed energy.
Why talk now?
Why are you sharing this
with us now?
Why not tell us sooner?
Why not try to live longer?
Because it's... it's a curse,
Principal Gakuganji.
It's a curse that is handed down
from me to you.
[gasps] Masamichi!
[panting]
[YOSHINOBU]
Why don't you fight me?
I assume you hate me enough
to kill me.
[PANDA] Pandas aren't
bound by things like that.
Besides, you were never
on bad terms with Masamichi.
To me, you're just
the random knife
that happened to fall upon him.
But still,
just make sure
you remember this.
Even pandas can cry.
[crying]
[♪ opening theme song playing]
JUJUTSU KAISEN
Kinji Hakari is currently
running a fight club
in an old parking garage
in Tochigi Prefecture,
where he also acts as bookie.
[YUJI] A fight club?
[TENGEN] They host fist fights
between sorcerers.
And the spectators are?
[TENGEN]
Generally non-sorcerers.
[MEGUMI] That blatantly
violates the secrecy mandated
in Article Eight
of the Jujutsu Code.
There are probably curse users
among the participants as well.
So above all, be careful.
[Yuji gasps softly]
[YUJI] Why are we changing?
[MEGUMI] Hakari was expelled
for clashing
with the upper brass.
He's also actively
violating jujutsu regulations.
If he finds out we're
with Jujutsu High, he might run.
It's like we're cops
and he's the robber.
Huh? We're on
Jujutsu High's side now?
[Megumi sighs]
We're in a gray zone.
But in Hakari's eyes,
at least, yeah.
[YUJI] Is he even likely
to cooperate with us?
[MEGUMI] I'm not sure.
All our teachers say
he's a good-for-nothing.
But Okkotsu claimed
Hakari has the potential
to be stronger than him.
We definitely want his strength.
[SHRIMP]
You brats better get on home.
This is no place for you guys
to be hanging out.
[MACHO] You have until the count
of three to turn around.
After that,
I start swinging my fists.
We need money.
Let us join your little
fight club so we can earn some.
[Macho grunts]
[MACHO]
The first rule of our fight club
is that you do not
talk about our fight club.
Who blabbed?
And where can I find him?
If I like what you say,
I won't beat you up.
I never learned his name.
I killed him.
It was about a month ago.
Just some scumbag
who was all talk.
[SHRIMP] Kondo
disappeared about a month ago.
- [MEGUMI] I can take his slot.
- [cell phone ringing]
Or if you prefer,
I can just beat you to a pulp
in front of your boss.
[YUJI] Oh, yeah.
He'd be wary if we
suddenly asked to see him.
I guess we shouldn't know
his name's Hakari, either.
Time to zip the lips.
[SHRIMP] Are you sure?
That's enough!
The boss is giving you
the go-ahead.
You're lucky one of our fighters
just dropped out.
One thing, though.
Your friend's the one
who's fighting.
- [YUJI] Hm?
- [MEGUMI] That's good for us.
Itadori's better suited
for this kind of thing.
No chance. I fight.
[SHRIMP] The boss said
he doesn't like you.
And if you don't like it,
then the deal's off.
If that's the case, he'll fight.
Fushiguro, that was risky.
Your bluffs go
too far sometimes.
[MEGUMI] You worry too much.
If curse users are participating
in the fight club too,
that means there must be
decent turnover.
[YUJI] The curse users
are here, all right.
If he was watching us
through security cameras,
then there's a high chance
Hakari is in there as well.
You snoop around
from the inside, Itadori.
In the meantime, I'm gonna
check out that parking lot.
- Maybe.
- [YUJI] Maybe?
[MEGUMI]
He's ignoring me for now.
If Hakari learns we're trying
to infiltrate his club,
we'll lose his trust
and our opportunity
to make contact with him.
[YUJI] Well, we'll just resort
to force if that happens.
That really should be
our last resort.
We're here for one thing,
to ask Hakari for
his cooperation in joining us.
I'd like to avoid
harming any future alliances.
To be honest,
I don't think I should be
doing anything tonight.
But I don't wanna waste
the time we do have
until Tsumiki
is forced to participate
in the culling game.
Right now,
it's 5:00 p.m. on the tenth.
So nine days until the deadline.
I guess it took us longer
to get here
than we originally
thought it would.
[MEGUMI] That's why I'll be
looking for Hakari tonight.
But if it looks too risky,
I'll pull out.
That's why I said maybe.
Got it.
[MACHO]
There are only two rules.
No running away,
and no using curse techniques.
How come? I don't mind if
they're using curse techniques.
It won't help 'em.
[MACHO] Because most
of the crowd are non-sorcerers
and can't see them.
A fight no one can see sucks.
And the "no running" rule?
[MACHO] It means you fight where
the spectators can see you.
[YUJI] It's all about
the spectators, huh?
They paid to get in.
Business 101.
So what's the boss like?
Curious, huh?
Well, yeah.
[MACHO]
You'll know if you meet him.
[YUJI] If, or when?
[MACHO] There are
two kinds of matches.
Real beat-downs
like today's tournament,
and fixed bouts.
The boss writes
the script for those.
He might call for you if
you manage to shine out there.
You're saying, to meet the boss,
I just need to
put on a good show?
You really can't make things
much simpler than that.
[MACHO] Over there,
that's your opponent for today.
- [gasps]
- I was blown away
the first time I saw him, too.
Yeah.
It really is all about
drawing in the crowd.
Are you ready to get it started?
Because it's time for the
Gachinko Fight Club Tournament!
Hello, everybody!
I'm your commentator
for the night, John Bobby!
Allow me to introduce
tonight's exciting matchup!
We're joined by
a sudden upstart.
Will he rise up or burn out?
It's the dangerous fireball kid,
- Yuji Itadori!
- [crowd cheering]
[JOHN] His opponent
stands like a panda,
sits like a panda,
and walks like a panda!
Please welcome Panda!
Now, place your bets!
Place your bets!
Everyone ready to rumble?!
[HAKARI] I can feel
my passion draining away.
What's wrong, my sweet baby?
If one is lucky,
then he's meant to be tested.
It's boring to gamble
when you know who'll win
from the start.
There aren't
many stray sorcerers
who are tough enough
to beat Panda.
[JOHN] Whoa!
[KIRARA] Looks like
you might be wrong.
[HAKARI] Huh?
FIGHTING ARENA
2ND FLOOR CH 6
[♪ exciting music playing]
[YUJI] Panda,
have you seen Hakari yet?
No.
TAP
[roaring]
He's not suspicious of me
'cause we know each other,
but he's avoiding me.
TAP TAP TAP TAP
ROOOAR
Meanwhile,
the other third-year's technique
is also going to be a problem.
[crowd cheering]
[PANDA] I hope
you're hiding the fact
that you're from Jujutsu High!
[YUJI] Of course! [gasps]
[PANDA] Good.
You know what to do now, right?
[groans]
Whoa!
This is definitely the best bout
in my career as a commentator!
Even if I have only been one
for the last two weeks!
Huh?
TAP
[yelling]
[Panda yelling]
[groans]
[JOHN] The winner, Itadori!
[crowd cheering]
Hey!
That punch was a foul!
Wait, I know.
I'm gonna call the SPCA on you!
[YUJI] Your acting sucks.
[HAKARI]
Send Itadori up to the roof
after he wins the tournament.
- [MACHO] Huh?
- [HAKARI] He's sure to win it.
Plus, he's intentionally
fighting in three dimensions
to wow the spectators
in the upper rafters.
I can write a good script
with him.
And like I always say...
you have to strike
while the iron is hot!
I've asked you to use a coaster
a hundred times.
[MACHO] Got it.
And what about his buddy,
the other brat who didn't fight?
Continue to keep
a close eye on him.
I'll send Kirara later
as backup.
Huh?
I'm feeling a buzz right now
that I haven't felt
in a long time.
I haven't felt this alive
since my ex maxed out
my credit cards.
I've asked you a million times
not to mention your ex.
KINJI HAKARI
KIRARA HOSHI
Things are looking good.
It won't be too long before
Itadori and Hakari meet.
[MEGUMI] Tell me, Panda,
why haven't you been able
to see Hakari yet?
Hm. Well, I do know
where he likes to stay.
In the monitor room on the roof.
But I haven't been able
to get close enough.
Wait, why not?
Even when I approached the door,
I can't seem to
close the distance.
The sensation feels similar
to Satoru's technique.
It's probably
due to Kirara's technique.
Kirara?
But I thought the other
third-year student is a guy.
Yeah, so what?
So this.
Does that phenomenon only occur
when Kirara's
in the monitor room?
I'm not sure.
I've been focusing too much
on being a circus panda
instead of pushing more
and making them run off.
I'm just really glad
the two of you showed up.
Do you think Itadori has
a chance to persuade him?
It'll be tough.
But it's just a matter of time
before he does.
I think Itadori's light,
charming personality
is a good match for
someone like Hakari.
But you won't believe
how bad his acting sucks.
[MEGUMI]
He doesn't just suck at it,
he struggles
to even see lying as an option.
Well, that explains it.
But it didn't stop him
from talking trash
about my acting.
Anyway, once Itadori enters
the monitor room,
I'll buy him time
by taking control of the place.
[Megumi gasps] Are you sure?
[PANDA] Don't worry about it.
Everything will be fine.
I know where all the cameras
and their blind spots are.
How many guards are in there?
Four at the entrance
and two on each floor
except for up on the roof.
Okay, we can handle that.
The only real concern
is Kirara's technique.
[PANDA] We can't do
anything about that now.
If they can warp Itadori
out of there or warp in backup,
we'll give up
on pursuing Hakari.
Wow, you look so young.
Are you still a first-year,
Yu-ie?
[KIRARA] Kin had to repeat
a year in middle school.
[YUJI] Looks like
you have a happy life here.
[Kirara laughs] Well, yeah.
It's been a while
since Kin's gotten
all heated up like this, though.
You see, I simply love it
when Kin is passionate.
[door shuts]
[HAKARI] Itadori.
Would you believe me if I said
you can earn
a million yen a month
by doing something that
takes only an hour a day to do?
[YUJI] Well, I guess it depends
on what that something is.
But you'll have to pay me
200,000 yen
to buy the information
on what that something is.
Huh?
In that case,
I don't believe you.
Good. Because just
like you suspected,
I was presenting you
with a classic con.
The swindler
pretends to be rich,
selling the means to be rich
to those desperate
to be rich in a classic scam,
It's obvious if you
think about it logically,
but there's a huge number
of fools who fall for it.
And you know why?
'Cause it all
has to do with passion.
Passion?
Both swindler and swindled
have the same passion.
They both have
a compulsive drive
to change their lives
for the better.
People high on passion
lose sight of their judgment.
Yet without passion,
no one in the world
would ever fall in love.
I love that obsessive passion.
Do you know the most direct way
people deal with passion?
Gambling?
[laughs]
First time I saw you,
I knew you would get it.
After all, life is a gamble.
I can't tell you the number
of women that have dumped me
because they hate gambling.
But I think they're the ones
who've got it all wrong.
Our society throws out
those who can't bet big,
as well as those who don't know
when to fold their hands
and call it a night.
There isn't a single person
alive who doesn't gamble.
What people hate
isn't the gambling.
It's the losing
and the being ruined forever.
There must be some people
who just wanna
live a peaceful life.
Not anyone that I've ever met.
All the people that I know
love passion above all.
Passion equals gambling,
and gambling equals life.
And love equals control.
And I wanna control
this nation's passion
through my fight club one day.
With the existence
of curses going public
and headquarters
barely able to function,
this is my chance
to expand the business.
I'm going to crush
the opposition,
and I'll make them
publicly recognize my fight club
in the coming revisions
to the jujutsu regulations.
And to do that,
I'll need a strong player
on my team.
Itadori,
how do you feel about
getting high on my passion?
Look, boss,
- I need to tell you--
- [cell phone ringing]
I'm sorry,
I haven't offered you a drink.
[YUJI] I'm good with anything
really, other than liquor.
[HAKARI] What?
Can't handle it or something?
[YUJI] No.
It's just, I'm still underage.
You don't strike me as
the type to care about that.
Did you know Gojo
can't hold his liquor either?
Yeah? Who's Gojo?
And I never said that I can't,
just that I haven't.
- So why the act?
- Huh?
[cell phone continues ringing]
There isn't a single sorcerer
who hasn't heard of Satoru Gojo.
So why did you feign ignorance?
Were you...
[gulping]
- [slams]
- ...sent by Jujutsu High?
- L-Listen. [yelps]
- [glass shatters]
Hey! Hey!
[Yuji groans]
When I get a call
from Kirara's phone,
it's a signal
something's fishy.
[grunts]
- Listen!
- Save it, kid!
My passion has gone cold!
EPISODE 52 PASSION
[♪ closing theme song playing]
[MEGUMI] If we can convince
them, negotiations with Hakari
will go more smoothly.
- [PANDA] Wait, Kirara!
- [YUJI] Stay out of this.
[HAKARI] You have to show me!
Right here and now!
[MEGUMI] Wait.
There's no time to waste.
[KIRARA] Kin! He's in danger!
NEXT EPISODE
COG